Update onramp-kit with React example (#192)
safe-global/safe-docs: learn/safe-core/safe-core-account-abstraction-sdk/onramp-kit.md

# OnRamp Kit

The [Onramp kit](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/tree/main/packages/onramp-kit) allows users to buy cryptocurrencies using a credit card and other payment options.

## ⚠️ Warning ⚠️

This package is provided for testing purposes only. It's not ready for production use. We are working with Stripe and participating in the pilot test for their new [crypto on-ramp](https://stripe.com/docs/crypto). Considering this, we provide a public key and a testing server already configured during the [Safe Account Abstraction hackathon](https://safe-global.notion.site/Safe-d6c6ed61389041e28f5c7c925f653701)

Once the hackathon and Stripe pilot are over, the server will be removed and you should use your own keys and server if you plan on using the [StripeAdapter](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/blob/838d89e98aa9f9e32a6cd499a898fa7f6e69e7c6/packages/onramp-kit/src/adapters/stripe/StripeAdapter.ts).

## Quickstart

> In this tutorial, we'll create a React component that allows you to enter an Ethereum address and fund it using a credit card. The full code example can be found in the [Safe Space repo](https://github.com/5afe/safe-space) in the [WalletFund.tsx file](https://github.com/5afe/safe-space/blob/onramp-kit-integration/src/scenes/Wallet/WalletFund.tsx) in [PR #8](https://github.com/5afe/safe-space/pull/8). We will also be using a [pre-deployed server](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/tree/main/packages/onramp-kit/example/server).

Reviewer: The deployed server is [this one](https://github.com/5afe/aa-stripe-service)

Author: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we'll create a React component that allows you to enter an Ethereum address and fund it using a credit card. The full code example can be found in the [Safe Space repo](https://github.com/5afe/safe-space) in the [WalletFund.tsx file](https://github.com/5afe/safe-space/blob/onramp-kit-integration/src/scenes/Wallet/WalletFund.tsx) in [PR #8](https://github.com/5afe/safe-space/pull/8). We will also be using a [pre-deployed server](https://github.com/5afe/aa-stripe-service).
```

### Demo
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9806858/228415245-7b18b226-5ef4-4b7d-a4b1-5c9c53f625f5.mp4

<img width="394" alt="Screen Shot 2023-03-29 at 4 34 44 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9806858/228415363-024fbfcd-443e-4024-8a2f-56390a09e9d4.png">

<img width="388" alt="Screen Shot 2023-03-29 at 4 37 04 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9806858/228415381-cf838ccc-4002-4327-a654-7c9dc2ba68f7.png">

> <img width="748" alt="Screen Shot 2023-03-29 at 4 36 52 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9806858/228415378-901931d8-7095-4257-a7ae-5ff67246c297.png">

Reviewer 2: Alt should be relevant information describing the image to help screen readers

Author: Thanks for the catch. Fixed: https://github.com/safe-global/safe-docs/pull/192/commits/9f225d29932aa7eb56fd4ed54fa74bf600f19228

### Prerequisites

Note: For the duration of the Safe hackathon and Stripe pilot, you can use this tutorial without Steps 2 and 3 for testing purposes.

1. [Node.js and npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)
1. [Stripe account to get your own public and private keys](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register)

> 1. A deployed server ([example](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/tree/main/packages/onramp-kit/example/server)) for communicating with Stripe APIs

Author: ```suggestion
1. A deployed server ([example](https://github.com/5afe/aa-stripe-service)) for communicating with Stripe APIs
```

1. You must use one of the following whitelisted domains:
   1. Local development: localhost
   1. Hosted deployments: [netlify.app](https://www.netlify.com) and [vercel.app](https://vercel.com) 

## Using OnrampKit in your Web App

The Onramp kit can be used in any browser based node environment like Reactjs, Vuejs, Angular or even plain HTML and Javascript. In this example, we will be using it in a React App.

### Install dependencies

```bash
yarn add @safe-global/onramp-kit
```

### Using in React

Use the following snippet and call `fundWallet` when the user performs an action:

```typescript

import { SafeOnRampKit, SafeOnRampProviderType } from '@safe-global/onramp-kit'

  const fundWallet = async function() {
        
    
    const safeOnRamp = await SafeOnRampKit.init(SafeOnRampProviderType.Stripe, {
      onRampProviderConfig: {
        // Get public key from Stripe: https://dashboard.stripe.com/register
        stripePublicKey:
        'pk_test_51MZbmZKSn9ArdBimSyl5i8DqfcnlhyhJHD8bF2wKrGkpvNWyPvBAYtE211oHda0X3Ea1n4e9J9nh2JkpC7Sxm5a200Ug9ijfoO',

>         // Deploy your own server: https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/tree/main/packages/onramp-kit/example/server

Author: ```suggestion
        // Deploy your own server: https://github.com/5afe/aa-stripe-service
```

| **State**                   | Washington                  | Select Washington for state                                 |
| **Zip Code**                | 12345                       | Use 12345 for zip code                                      |
| **Test Credit Card Number** | 4242424242424242            | Use test credit card 4242424242424242                       |
| **Expiration Date**         | 12/24                       | Use future expiration date 12/24                            |
| **CVC**                     | 123                         | Use any CVC 123                                             |
| **Billing Zip Code**        | 12345                       | Use any zip code 12345 for billing                          |

### Onramp Kit KYC Test Data - Examples
<img width="403" alt="Screen Shot 2023-03-29 at 4 32 26 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9806858/228418052-30b2239a-ca19-4639-9858-4344d3ba7d45.png">
<img width="392" alt="Screen Shot 2023-03-29 at 4 33 03 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9806858/228418056-48cfa6a6-fde9-4504-a8be-ce91b03c960f.png">

> <img width="386" alt="Screen Shot 2023-03-29 at 4 34 25 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9806858/228418059-b83b6357-a6b0-4f09-a4b2-3b89767cb4f0.png">

Reviewer 2: `alt` should describe the image to help screen readers

Author: Thanks for the catch. Fixed: https://github.com/safe-global/safe-docs/pull/192/commits/9f225d29932aa7eb56fd4ed54fa74bf600f19228
